Privacy Policy for Foodsharing Extension

Last updated: 21.03.2023

Foodsharing Extension (the "Extension") is a browser extension that enhances the user experience on foodsharing websites. This Privacy Policy describes how we handle and protect the personal information of users who install and use the Foodsharing Extension.

By using the Foodsharing Extension, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Extension.

Information Collection and Use
The Foodsharing Extension (Item ID: jdhdicofcechghiokipaedkfobbmnnlo) does not collect, store, process or transmit any personal information from users. The Extension only interacts with the content of the foodsharing website to provide additional features and improve user experience.

No Data Sharing
As the Extension does not collect any personal information, there is no data to share with third parties. We do not sell, trade, or rent any personal information to others.

Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. The Foodsharing Extension does not require access to any personal information while providing its features. We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices of the Foodsharing Extension, please contact us at arneschwarck@gmail.com.

By using the Foodsharing Extension, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Foodsharing Extension. Your continued use of the Foodsharing Extension following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
